CM-1260   Implement LiveIntent Prebid User Id Module Based On The Hub (#25)
LiveIntent/prebid.github.io: dev-docs/modules/userid-submodules/liveintent.md

    LiveConnectMode=minimal gulp build --modules=liveIntentIdSystem
    ```

> 3. The hub version, which requires a live-connect tag (>=3.0.0) installed on your page in addition to prebid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The hub version, which requires a LiveConnect tag (>=3.0.0) or LiveConnect Hub installed on your page in addition to Prebid. Please contact LiveIntent for support in setting up LiveConnect and LiveConnect Hub. 
```

> This will significantly reduce the size of your prebid bundle and allow you to use the newest features of live-connect. All non-hub version might be deprecated in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will significantly reduce the size of your Prebid.js bundle and allow you to use the newest features of LiveConnect. All non-hub versions will be deprecated in the future.
```
